contributing.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

## Adding something to an awesome list

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list, this is how you do it.

You'll need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join)!

1. Access the awesome list's GitHub page. For example: https://github.com/componently-com/awesome-building-blocks-for-web
2. Click on the `readme.md` file:

![Step 2 Click on Readme.md](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402920/53a7e3ea-480c-11e5-9d81-aecf64be55eb.png)

3. Now click on the edit icon.

![Step 3 - Click on Edit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402927/6506af22-480c-11e5-8c18-7ea823530099.png)

4. You can start editing the text of the file in the in-browser editor. You can use [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/).

![Step 4 - Edit the file](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402932/7301c3a0-480c-11e5-81f5-7e343b71674f.png)

5. If you update categories run: `npx doctoc --title '## Contents' README.md`

6. Say why you're proposing the changes, and then click on "Propose file change".

![Step 6 - Propose Changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402937/7dd0652a-480c-11e5-9138-bd14244593d5.png)

7. Submit the [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

Commit message:

Extend contribution guide with wording instructions

contributing.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

## Adding something to an awesome list

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list, this is how you do it.

You'll need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join)!

1. Access the awesome list's GitHub page. For example: https://github.com/componently-com/awesome-building-blocks-for-web
2. Click on the `readme.md` file:

![Step 2 Click on Readme.md](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402920/53a7e3ea-480c-11e5-9d81-aecf64be55eb.png)

3. Now click on the edit icon.

![Step 3 - Click on Edit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402927/6506af22-480c-11e5-8c18-7ea823530099.png)

4. You can start editing the text of the file in the in-browser editor. You can use [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/).
- Use the following format: `[package](link) - Description of new item.` Watch for casing and spelling.
- Describe what the tool is doing. No marketing slogans. Avoid subjective wording such as "easy", "simple", "beautiful".

![Step 4 - Edit the file](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402932/7301c3a0-480c-11e5-81f5-7e343b71674f.png)

5. If you update categories run: `npx doctoc --title '## Contents' README.md`

6. Say why you're proposing the changes, and then click on "Propose file change".

![Step 6 - Propose Changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402937/7dd0652a-480c-11e5-9138-bd14244593d5.png)

7. Submit the [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!
