README.md, before:

# Awesome Building Blocks for Web Apps [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat2.svg)](https://awesome.re) [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Here%27s%20a%20list%20of%20standalone%20features%20you%20can%20integrate%20into%20your%20web%20app&url=https://github.com/componently-com/awesome-building-blocks-for-web-apps&via=componently&hashtags=webdev,componently,react,blocks,developers)

**Curated list of standalone features to be integrated into web applications: Get full features built by others instead of having to write everything yourself.**

<hr>

If you like these building blocks, check out [componently.com](https://www.componently.com/?utm_source=github-awesome-components&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome-list), a marketplace where developers can search, compare and integrate web application building blocks.

<hr>

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Contents

- [UI Elements](#ui-elements)
- [Exit Intent Popup](#exit-intent-popup)
- [Auth](#auth)
- [Booking](#booking)
- [Notification](#notification)
- [Social](#social)
- [Chat Bot](#chat-bot)
- [Chat](#chat)
- [Monitoring](#monitoring)
- [Content Management](#content-management)
- [Consent Management](#consent-management)
- [Media](#media)
- [Form](#form)
- [Marketing](#marketing)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Telecommunication](#telecommunication)
- [Social Media](#social-media)
- [Search](#search)
- [Feature flags](#feature-flags)
- [Reviews](#reviews)
- [Related awesome-lists](#related-awesome-lists)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## UI Elements

- [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com/) - UI components, by the creators of Tailwind CSS.
- [Webix](https://webix.com/) - JavaScript UI library and framework for displaying data in different ways.
- [Highcharts](https://www.highcharts.com/) - Interactive charts for web.
- [Webatoms](https://www.webatoms.in) - JavaScript bridge for Xamarin.Forms.
- [Creative Tim](https://www.creative-tim.com/) - Themes for React, Angular, Vue, Lavarel and HTML5.
- [Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/) - Data visualization components and PDF Viewer.
- [CoreUI](https://coreui.io/pro/vue) - Vue admin template.
- [UIfort](https://uifort.com/) - UI design systems for all major frontend frameworks.
- [Semantic UI](https://semantic-ui.com/) - Open source UI component library for React, Meteor, Ember and Angular.
- [Design Revision's Shards Pro](https://designrevision.com/downloads/shards-pro) - Design blocks for web or mobile apps.
- [Themesberg](https://themesberg.com) - Bootstrap templates, themes and UI kits.
- [Treact](https://treact.owaiskhan.me/) - React templates for landing pages, built on Tailwind CSS.
- [Creative Designs Guru](https://creativedesignsguru.com) - Themes for React, Nextjs and Eleventy, built with Tailwind CSS.

## Exit Intent Popup
- [Wisepops](https://wisepops.com/) - Contextual popups, banners and bars for mobile and desktop visitors.
- [Listagram](https://www.listagram.com) - Interactive opt-in form for collecting email addresses.
- [Poptin](https://www.poptin.com) - Popups and forms that can be integrated anywhere in the website.

## Auth
- [Auth0](https://auth0.com/) - Authentication management with native support for Angular, React and VueJS.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - PaaS from Google, including authentication management.
- [Okta](https://www.okta.com/) - Authentication and Authorization solution with support for Angular, React and VueJS.
- [Onelogin](https://www.onelogin.com/) - Authentication focussed on company internal applications.
- [Microsoft Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/#security) - Authentication management in Azure, based on Microsoft accounts.
- [AWS Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) - AWS authentication management. Frontend integration is part of [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/de/amplify/).

## Booking
- [Calendly](https://calendly.com/) - Stand-alone booking solution.
- [Zoho Bookings](https://www.zoho.com/bookings/) - Online scheduler integrated into Zoho Suite.
- [Acuity Scheduling](https://acuityscheduling.com/) - Appointment scheduling with extensive API.
- [10to8](https://10to8.com/) - Booking tool with many features in the free tier.
- [SuperSaaS](https://www.supersaas.com/) - Appointment scheduling with focus on group scheduling.
- [SimplyBook.Me](https://simplybook.me/) - Booking tool with its own booking directory.
- [OnceHub](https://www.oncehub.com/) - Scheduling via ScheduleOnce and meeting management via InviteOnce.
- [YouCanBookMe](https://youcanbook.me/) - Online scheduling for teams.
- [OnSched](https://www.onsched.com/) - Scheduling API for marketplaces & applications.
- [AppointmentPlus](https://www.appointmentplus.com/) - Appointment scheduling with coupons.
- [Booxi](https://www.booxi.com/) - Booking and online directory components.
- [Cogsworth Scheduler](https://get.cogsworth.com/) - Online Scheduler for business with a powerful API.

## Notification
- [OneSignal](https://onesignal.com/) - Mobile and web notifications.
- [Notific](https://notific.io/) - Notifications including a PHP SDK.
- [WonderPush](https://www.wonderpush.com/) - Notifications focused on speed.
- [VWO Engage](https://vwo.com/engage/push-notifications/) - Notifications as part of a larger marketing suite.
- [Signalize](https://signalize.com/) - Free notifications with paid analytics add on.

## Social
- [Stream](https://getstream.io/) - Activity feed & chat APIs.
- [EmbedSocial's embedfeed](https://embedsocial.com/products/embedfeed/) - Social media aggregator.

## Chat Bot
- [Fresh chat](https://www.freshworks.com/live-chat-software/) - Chatbot in Freshworks support suite.
- [Tiledesh](https://www.tiledesk.com/) - AI-powered live chat.

## Chat
- [Daily.co](https://www.daily.co/) - Video chat.

## Monitoring
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) - Full-stack error monitoring with release management included.
- [Raygun Crash Reporting](https://raygun.com/platform/crash-reporting) - Error monitoring as part of the Raygun suite.
- [Honeybadger](https://www.honeybadger.io/) - Error, uptime and check-in monitoring.
- [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) - Error monitoring with the ability to replay HTTP requests that caused errors.

## Content Management
- [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com) - Headless content management system.

## Consent Management
- [Cookiefirst](https://cookiefirst.com/) - Cookie consent manager.
- [usercentrics](https://usercentrics.com/) - Compliance manager that can be implemented as part of existing pages.
- [Sourcepoint](https://www.sourcepoint.com/) - Compliance management as part of a suite including also ad blocker recovery.
- [PiwikPro](https://piwik.pro/gdpr-consent-manager/) - Compliance management as part of an analytics tool.
- [Consent Management Provider](https://www.consentmanager.de/) - German management tool for Cookie Consent.
- [UniConsent](https://www.uniconsent.com/) - Consent management platform for GDPR, CCPA, COPPA compliance.
- [TrustArc](https://trustarc.com/) - Privacy management for the CCPA, GDPR, LGPD and 900+ other global regulations.
- [Cookiebot](https://www.cookiebot.com/) - Cookie tracking manager.
- [iubenda](https://www.iubenda.com/) - Consent management and terms and conditions generator.
- [Civic Cookie Control](https://www.civicuk.com/cookie-control/) - Smaller Cookie and GDPR compliance product.
- [CCM19](https://www.ccm19.de/) - German cookie consent manager.
- [CookieInformation](https://cookieinformation.com/) - Focus on compliance reporting via a dashboard.
- [CookiePro](https://www.cookiepro.com/) - Cookie management as part of a privacy management solution.
- [React Cookie Consent](https://github.com/Mastermindzh/react-cookie-consent) - A small and customizable cookie consent bar for React applications.
- [React Cookie Banner](https://github.com/buildo/react-cookie-banner) - React cookie banner which can be automatically dismissed with a scroll.

## Media
- [Mux](https://mux.com/) - Stream hosted and live videos.
- [Spotify web playback SDK](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-playback-sdk/) - Client-side JavaScript library which allows you to create a new player in Spotify Connect and play any audio track from Spotify in the browser via encrypted media extensions.

## Form
- [Static Forms](https://www.staticforms.xyz/) - Form that sends its results to your email.
- [FlyingForms](https://flyingforms.io/?utm_source=github-awesome-components&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome-list) - Building, versioning and managing forms.

## Marketing
- [TrustPulse](https://trustpulse.com/) - Shows recent buyers on your website.

## Changelog
- [Beamer](https://www.getbeamer.com) - Combination of push notifications and changelog management.
- [Changelogfy](https://changelogfy.com/) - A product release notes tool.
- [Changefeed](https://changefeed.app/) - Changelog as stand-alone page or embeddable widget.
- [Canny's Changelog](https://canny.io/features/changelog) - Combines changelog with product roadmaps.
- [ProductFlare's Changelog](https://www.productflare.com/changelog) - Changelog widget around a product team task management system.
- [Changes](https://changes.blue) - Changelog building kit.

## Telecommunication
- [Vonage](https://www.vonage.com/) - Voice, messaging, video and data capabilities across unified communications, contact centers and communications APIs.

## Social Media
- [AddThis](https://www.addthis.com/) - Social sharing buttons, available on AMPs.
- [ShareThis](https://sharethis.com/) - Social sharing buttons.
- [AddToAny](https://www.addtoany.com/) - Sharing buttons for many different target services.

## Search
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Search for your application.
- [Search UI](https://github.com/elastic/search-ui) - UI integration for ElastiSearch.

## Feature flags
- [Optimizely's Rollouts](https://www.optimizely.com/rollouts) - Feature flags combined with A/B testing.
- [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) - Feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.
- [Split](https://www.split.io/) - Another feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.
- [Rollout](https://rollout.io/) - Feature management focusing on segmented roll-out of features.

## Reviews
- [JustReview](https://justreview.co/) - Collect reviews from e-commerce, social media and review service providers and embed on a website.
- [ReviewsOnMyWebsite](https://reviewsonmywebsite.com/) - Collect, monitor and display customer reviews.

## Related awesome-lists
- [Web Components](https://github.com/mateusortiz/webcomponents-the-right-way)
- [Microservices](https://github.com/mfornos/awesome-microservices)
- [Micro Frontends](https://github.com/ChristianUlbrich/awesome-microfrontends)

Commit message:

Add Embedery to the list
Hello, could we add Embedery to your list? thank you in advance.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Building Blocks for Web Apps [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat2.svg)](https://awesome.re) [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Here%27s%20a%20list%20of%20standalone%20features%20you%20can%20integrate%20into%20your%20web%20app&url=https://github.com/componently-com/awesome-building-blocks-for-web-apps&via=componently&hashtags=webdev,componently,react,blocks,developers)

**Curated list of standalone features to be integrated into web applications: Get full features built by others instead of having to write everything yourself.**

<hr>

If you like these building blocks, check out [componently.com](https://www.componently.com/?utm_source=github-awesome-components&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome-list), a marketplace where developers can search, compare and integrate web application building blocks.

<hr>

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Contents

- [UI Elements](#ui-elements)
- [Exit Intent Popup](#exit-intent-popup)
- [Auth](#auth)
- [Booking](#booking)
- [Notification](#notification)
- [Social](#social)
- [Chat Bot](#chat-bot)
- [Chat](#chat)
- [Monitoring](#monitoring)
- [Content Management](#content-management)
- [Consent Management](#consent-management)
- [Media](#media)
- [Form](#form)
- [Marketing](#marketing)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Telecommunication](#telecommunication)
- [Social Media](#social-media)
- [Search](#search)
- [Feature flags](#feature-flags)
- [Reviews](#reviews)
- [Related awesome-lists](#related-awesome-lists)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## UI Elements

- [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com/) - UI components, by the creators of Tailwind CSS.
- [Webix](https://webix.com/) - JavaScript UI library and framework for displaying data in different ways.
- [Highcharts](https://www.highcharts.com/) - Interactive charts for web.
- [Webatoms](https://www.webatoms.in) - JavaScript bridge for Xamarin.Forms.
- [Creative Tim](https://www.creative-tim.com/) - Themes for React, Angular, Vue, Lavarel and HTML5.
- [Syncfusion](https://www.syncfusion.com/) - Data visualization components and PDF Viewer.
- [CoreUI](https://coreui.io/pro/vue) - Vue admin template.
- [UIfort](https://uifort.com/) - UI design systems for all major frontend frameworks.
- [Semantic UI](https://semantic-ui.com/) - Open source UI component library for React, Meteor, Ember and Angular.
- [Design Revision's Shards Pro](https://designrevision.com/downloads/shards-pro) - Design blocks for web or mobile apps.
- [Themesberg](https://themesberg.com) - Bootstrap templates, themes and UI kits.
- [Treact](https://treact.owaiskhan.me/) - React templates for landing pages, built on Tailwind CSS.
- [Creative Designs Guru](https://creativedesignsguru.com) - Themes for React, Nextjs and Eleventy, built with Tailwind CSS.

## Exit Intent Popup
- [Wisepops](https://wisepops.com/) - Contextual popups, banners and bars for mobile and desktop visitors.
- [Listagram](https://www.listagram.com) - Interactive opt-in form for collecting email addresses.
- [Poptin](https://www.poptin.com) - Popups and forms that can be integrated anywhere in the website.
- [Embedery](https://www.embedery.com) - Popups focused on solving real business use cases for any platform and device.

## Auth
- [Auth0](https://auth0.com/) - Authentication management with native support for Angular, React and VueJS.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - PaaS from Google, including authentication management.
- [Okta](https://www.okta.com/) - Authentication and Authorization solution with support for Angular, React and VueJS.
- [Onelogin](https://www.onelogin.com/) - Authentication focussed on company internal applications.
- [Microsoft Azure Active Directory](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/#security) - Authentication management in Azure, based on Microsoft accounts.
- [AWS Cognito](https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/) - AWS authentication management. Frontend integration is part of [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/de/amplify/).

## Booking
- [Calendly](https://calendly.com/) - Stand-alone booking solution.
- [Zoho Bookings](https://www.zoho.com/bookings/) - Online scheduler integrated into Zoho Suite.
- [Acuity Scheduling](https://acuityscheduling.com/) - Appointment scheduling with extensive API.
- [10to8](https://10to8.com/) - Booking tool with many features in the free tier.
- [SuperSaaS](https://www.supersaas.com/) - Appointment scheduling with focus on group scheduling.
- [SimplyBook.Me](https://simplybook.me/) - Booking tool with its own booking directory.
- [OnceHub](https://www.oncehub.com/) - Scheduling via ScheduleOnce and meeting management via InviteOnce.
- [YouCanBookMe](https://youcanbook.me/) - Online scheduling for teams.
- [OnSched](https://www.onsched.com/) - Scheduling API for marketplaces & applications.
- [AppointmentPlus](https://www.appointmentplus.com/) - Appointment scheduling with coupons.
- [Booxi](https://www.booxi.com/) - Booking and online directory components.
- [Cogsworth Scheduler](https://get.cogsworth.com/) - Online Scheduler for business with a powerful API.

## Notification
- [OneSignal](https://onesignal.com/) - Mobile and web notifications.
- [Notific](https://notific.io/) - Notifications including a PHP SDK.
- [WonderPush](https://www.wonderpush.com/) - Notifications focused on speed.
- [VWO Engage](https://vwo.com/engage/push-notifications/) - Notifications as part of a larger marketing suite.
- [Signalize](https://signalize.com/) - Free notifications with paid analytics add on.

## Social
- [Stream](https://getstream.io/) - Activity feed & chat APIs.
- [EmbedSocial's embedfeed](https://embedsocial.com/products/embedfeed/) - Social media aggregator.

## Chat Bot
- [Fresh chat](https://www.freshworks.com/live-chat-software/) - Chatbot in Freshworks support suite.
- [Tiledesh](https://www.tiledesk.com/) - AI-powered live chat.

## Chat
- [Daily.co](https://www.daily.co/) - Video chat.

## Monitoring
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) - Full-stack error monitoring with release management included.
- [Raygun Crash Reporting](https://raygun.com/platform/crash-reporting) - Error monitoring as part of the Raygun suite.
- [Honeybadger](https://www.honeybadger.io/) - Error, uptime and check-in monitoring.
- [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) - Error monitoring with the ability to replay HTTP requests that caused errors.

## Content Management
- [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com) - Headless content management system.

## Consent Management
- [Cookiefirst](https://cookiefirst.com/) - Cookie consent manager.
- [usercentrics](https://usercentrics.com/) - Compliance manager that can be implemented as part of existing pages.
- [Sourcepoint](https://www.sourcepoint.com/) - Compliance management as part of a suite including also ad blocker recovery.
- [PiwikPro](https://piwik.pro/gdpr-consent-manager/) - Compliance management as part of an analytics tool.
- [Consent Management Provider](https://www.consentmanager.de/) - German management tool for Cookie Consent.
- [UniConsent](https://www.uniconsent.com/) - Consent management platform for GDPR, CCPA, COPPA compliance.
- [TrustArc](https://trustarc.com/) - Privacy management for the CCPA, GDPR, LGPD and 900+ other global regulations.
- [Cookiebot](https://www.cookiebot.com/) - Cookie tracking manager.
- [iubenda](https://www.iubenda.com/) - Consent management and terms and conditions generator.
- [Civic Cookie Control](https://www.civicuk.com/cookie-control/) - Smaller Cookie and GDPR compliance product.
- [CCM19](https://www.ccm19.de/) - German cookie consent manager.
- [CookieInformation](https://cookieinformation.com/) - Focus on compliance reporting via a dashboard.
- [CookiePro](https://www.cookiepro.com/) - Cookie management as part of a privacy management solution.
- [React Cookie Consent](https://github.com/Mastermindzh/react-cookie-consent) - A small and customizable cookie consent bar for React applications.
- [React Cookie Banner](https://github.com/buildo/react-cookie-banner) - React cookie banner which can be automatically dismissed with a scroll.

## Media
- [Mux](https://mux.com/) - Stream hosted and live videos.
- [Spotify web playback SDK](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-playback-sdk/) - Client-side JavaScript library which allows you to create a new player in Spotify Connect and play any audio track from Spotify in the browser via encrypted media extensions.

## Form
- [Static Forms](https://www.staticforms.xyz/) - Form that sends its results to your email.
- [FlyingForms](https://flyingforms.io/?utm_source=github-awesome-components&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome-list) - Building, versioning and managing forms.

## Marketing
- [TrustPulse](https://trustpulse.com/) - Shows recent buyers on your website.

## Changelog
- [Beamer](https://www.getbeamer.com) - Combination of push notifications and changelog management.
- [Changelogfy](https://changelogfy.com/) - A product release notes tool.
- [Changefeed](https://changefeed.app/) - Changelog as stand-alone page or embeddable widget.
- [Canny's Changelog](https://canny.io/features/changelog) - Combines changelog with product roadmaps.
- [ProductFlare's Changelog](https://www.productflare.com/changelog) - Changelog widget around a product team task management system.
- [Changes](https://changes.blue) - Changelog building kit.

## Telecommunication
- [Vonage](https://www.vonage.com/) - Voice, messaging, video and data capabilities across unified communications, contact centers and communications APIs.

## Social Media
- [AddThis](https://www.addthis.com/) - Social sharing buttons, available on AMPs.
- [ShareThis](https://sharethis.com/) - Social sharing buttons.
- [AddToAny](https://www.addtoany.com/) - Sharing buttons for many different target services.

## Search
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Search for your application.
- [Search UI](https://github.com/elastic/search-ui) - UI integration for ElastiSearch.

## Feature flags
- [Optimizely's Rollouts](https://www.optimizely.com/rollouts) - Feature flags combined with A/B testing.
- [LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) - Feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.
- [Split](https://www.split.io/) - Another feature management with multiple integrations in CI servers and ticketing systems.
- [Rollout](https://rollout.io/) - Feature management focusing on segmented roll-out of features.

## Reviews
- [JustReview](https://justreview.co/) - Collect reviews from e-commerce, social media and review service providers and embed on a website.
- [ReviewsOnMyWebsite](https://reviewsonmywebsite.com/) - Collect, monitor and display customer reviews.

## Related awesome-lists
- [Web Components](https://github.com/mateusortiz/webcomponents-the-right-way)
- [Microservices](https://github.com/mfornos/awesome-microservices)
- [Micro Frontends](https://github.com/ChristianUlbrich/awesome-microfrontends)
